I think if you see or hear about any kind of sexual assault or harassment,
I think it it comes down to the rule here something or see something.
You do something. I think you need to go to the individual first
at the lowest level possible. And from there you take it up chain
of command, that they do not report it. If they do not address it,
then you take it up the chain of command. Now, if it's the victim,
it is there right to report or UN report whether they want to do a formal
investigation there, that's up to them. But I think you need to
immediately. If it's gonna hurt outside of people, I would again,
another great resource to go to is the chaplain because of the confidentiality,
and that person should be able to help you pinpoint who
to talk to, who not to talk to. What are the rules? What are the regulations
and the re sources that are available